- [Instructor] There's lots of factors
to consider when hosting a large meeting.
How many people will attend,
what tools guests need to have access to.
How will the presenters deliver the information?
Teams makes facilitating large meetings easy.
In this lesson,
I'll show you how to set settings for your large meetings.
I'll start in Teams on the desktop.
Please note that certain organizer features
are only available in the desktop version.
As the meeting organizer,
it's important to check your meeting options
before your meeting starts.
First, go to your Teams calendar
and select the upcoming meeting
that you're the organizer for.
Next to the time zone dropdown menu, select Meeting Options.
Here, you can set lobby, present, mike,
camera, chat, and reaction settings.
First, you'll want to set your lobby settings by navigating
to who can bypass the lobby.
The lobby is a waiting area for meeting attendees
before a meeting starts.
In the dropdown menu,
you can select who will wait in the lobby
or allow meeting attendees to bypass the lobby.
I'm going to select people in my organization and guests.
Next, you'll want to identify who can present
in the meeting.
On the right, you can select presenters
by selecting who can present
and select from everyone,
people in my organization and guests,
specific people, or only me.
I'm going to select Everyone.
When you select the attendees
who will be presenting at the meeting,
keep in mind that presenters can promote other attendees
to the presenter role during the meeting.
Now, not every a attend needs to interact
and speak in large meetings.
In those situations, you can disallow mikes
for the large group.
In the meeting options,
switch the Allow Mike For Attendees toggle to No.
If someone needs to interact during the meeting,
you can change their role later.
In a large meeting,
not every a attend needs to have their camera on either.
In the meeting options,
switch the Allow Camera For Attendees toggle to No.
At appropriate times during the meeting,
video can be permitted for an individual attendee
or all attendees.
When you're done making changes
to all of these meeting settings,
select Save and close the window.
Now I want to show you how to change settings
during the meeting.
To start, I'll join the meeting.
If you've started a meeting
and you're waiting for attendees to arrive,
you can select Show Participants indicated by a people icon,
select their name and select Request To Join.
They'll receive a notification similar
to a regular Teams call asking them to join the meeting.
You can also enter a person's name
or phone number in the search box to add someone
to the meeting who was not previously invited.
Once the meeting has started,
you can choose up to seven people's video feeds
to spotlight for everyone else.
Spotlighting a video
is like pinning it for everyone in the meeting.
You can spotlight a video by identifying
the person in the list
whose video you want to highlight,
right-click on their name,
and select Spotlight For Everyone.
When you're ready to end the spotlight,
right click again, and choose Stop Spotlighting.
To spotlight your own video, right click on your name
and select Spotlight For Everyone.
Because after all, you too are a star.
Preparing for a large meeting
by setting your meeting settings ahead of time
will ensure that you have all the functionality needed
to have an efficient meeting
and that you can make adjustments easily
once the meeting has started.
Try adjusting your settings before and during a meeting.